## SPDX Defects Team meeting 03.16.2022

## Attendees
* Christian Long
* Rose Judge
* Dick Brooks
* Karsten Klein
* Jeff Schutt
* Thomas Steenbergen
* Bob Martin
* Anthony Harrison
* Sebastian Crane

### Agenda
* General
* Approval of minutes of last week's meeting
* Other topics / news
* Adding linking to security vulnerability information in SPDX 2.3

### General
 *  Any objections to approving https://github.com/spdx/meetings/pull/137? Approved, Rose merged
 * Other
* Thomas will be travelling next week at the time of this meeting. @Rose can you host next week?
* Rose can host next week.
* Rose filled a PR to request license fields to become optional - https://github.com/spdx/spdx-spec/pull/635

 ### Adding linking to security vulnerability information in SPDX 2.3
 * Thomas: As discussed last week I have added an option 3 to SPDX 2.3 proposal see  https://docs.google.com/document/d/1A9lOwYrpVlmxBl_cEahZTMeo0gU6yDxkgSbx4I5K5v4/edit
 * Would wrap up the 2.3 proposal before end of this month so time to make some decisions
 * Thomas:  Added option 3 
 * Question on new option 3 - can we require these fields? We dont have a security profile concept as we will in 3.0
 * Thomas: No but we should formuate the wording that it stringly suggest to do so (e.g. with the aim of future compatibility with SPDX 3.x)
